,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,ll# ENUMS AND SEALED CLASS
> 
>Differences
>
> >sealed class is  Flexible to handle different states of subclass,Enum classs is  not flexible
>
> Similairty
>
>>Restricted number of Hierachies{subclass can't be built outside the class} 
>



## Enum Class

Enum class is a splecial class that takes in a set of Uppercase constants that can act as object of the class, each Constant is seperated by a comma and has a default property of (name and ordinal(position of the constant in the enum class)) 

```kotlin
enum class Sex{
     MALE,
     FEMALE,
     TRANSGENDER
}
```
An enum class can take a constructor() of properties, this must be instantiated in all the various values in the enum class, else we have an error. a new value can not be created outside the class..we can ititerate through an enum class like an Array using a Loop



## Sealed class

This is a special class that allows diffrent form of its Subclass and Objects within its class, Just like  Abstract class, we can freely create subclasses with different constructor parameters within the parent class.

```kotlin

sealed class footballTeam {

data class Manager(var purchaseFund:String = "ffcfcdxd") : FootballTeam()

class Keepers(var glooves: Int = 8, var longsleevejersey: Boolean = true )

object Stricker : footballTeam()

}

```

and like enum class, a sealed class cannot be extended outside its class.

# Conclusion

A sealed class takes the flexible nature of the subclass form of an Abstract class and the restricted nature of hierachies an enum class, making it a prefered class to use.

#    WHY IS KOTLIN INTEROPERABLE WITH JAVA

Firstly interoperabilty is the means the ability of two languages for communicating and sharing information with each other such as functions, classes, and other data.

  Kotlin and Java are both JVM based Language,So just like Java’s compiler, Kotlin compiler also creates a byte code and that byte code can run on JVM. Which is exactly equivalent to the byte code that is generated by Java compiler.

  When kotlin Byte code and Java Byte code runs on the JVM, they can communicate with each other and that is how interoperability exist between JAVA and Kotlin.

# OOP AND POP

Procedural Oriented Programming (POP) and Object Oriented Programming (OOP) are the high level languages and are widely used in development of applications. On the basis of nature of developing the code both languages have different approaches on basis of which both are differentiate from each other


## Object Oriented Programming (OOP)

Object-oriented Programming is uses classes and objects to create models based on the real world environment. In OOPs it makes it easy to maintain and modify existing code as new objects are created inheriting characteristics from existing ones.

Using access abstraction concept and access modifiers in OOP,codes are well secured

###  Languages used in Object Oriented Programming:
> Java, C++, C#, Python,
> PHP, JavaScript, Ruby, Perl,
> Objective-C, Dart, Swift, Scala. 

## Procedural Oriented Programming (POP)

Procedural Oriented Programming is a programming language that follows a step-by-step approach to break down a task into a collection of variables and routines (or subroutines or functions) through a sequence of instructions. Each step is carried out in order in a systematic manner so that a computer can understand what to do.

Procedural programming does not have any proper way for hiding data so it is less secure.


### Languages used in Procedural Programming:

> FORTRAN, ALGOL, COBOL, 

> BASIC, Pascal and C

# Conclusion
OOP base language is more secured, reliable and easily scaleable than POP coding concept

